Had a nightmare
I seem to
Dreaming of a woman
We made love there
Then I fell into the abyss
Can't get out
Master, this is not a nightmare
This is a spring dream, no
And it's very real.
It's like he actually showed up.
Otherwise, why can't I catch him in my dreams?
I think so.
You are just a little stressed recently.
What kind of beauty do you want with your status?
As long as you tick your finger
Anyone you want will come to you
No, there must be this person
I want to lose track of him.
Master, you just finished solving a neighbor's problem.
Why is there another woman?
Okay, I think of you as my closest person
Just told you this
Pack up
Come with me to the mall and buy two clothes, right?